for over 110 years the medieval theory
of demonizing or sunporch valve has been
associated with textiles in 1948 our
company la melena textiles was founded
here by the way deliver family and is
today among Portugal oldest textile
companies and most modern suppliers a
strong family tradition along with
constant modernization has elevated our
company to a permanent position on both
a national and international level
although we have replaced many of our
traditional manual processes we place a
lot of importance on the human touch
after all within yarn guys as an art and
the passion that is shared among all the
work here
many of our technicians have been with
us for over 13 years passing on their
expertise to the younger generations
our modern equipment enables us to
optimize production while maintaining a
consistently high standard with minimal
defects Ginga mentioned Rashidi
is made from dye long staple cotton
yarns we only use the finest selection
of cotton our range of colors are
prepared in the land after dyeing and
drying the first quality control is
performed for colorectal C and the yarn
is ready for weaving this is the most
beautiful part of the process and while
you see kingdom algebra really can't lie
after an additional quality control the
fabric is after finish for lineaments
Emre finishing operations include
sending where excess loose yards artwork
from the surface which help to enhance
durability our centralizing machine
guarantees minimal shrinkage and a
finish that is extremely soft and smooth
to the touch
after the finishing phase is complete
the fabric is sent to be cut and sewn
great care is taken over this final step
before our sheets are ready to be
packaged we know for event kids is very
selective in its partnerships and we
believe that our kingdom Ansari varied
lives of the high standards the lush
softness and unique quality of our
scenes will bring comfort and sweet
dreams to your kids
you